Gaby always gives me
shit about my book.
This is the clearest. most
concise volume ever written
about modern cognitive
behavioral therapy.
That's nice. Who wrote that?
Nobody. I just
thought I'd tell you.
How you doing?
Fuck.
Here we are. You know.
I'm fine. I'm good.
You're a good therapist.
You already know
what I'm gonna say.
Don't piss your pants.
I said good. Not great.
I know. But I feel
like you meant great.
Maybe.
Look. kid. you're never gonna forgive
yourself for shitting the bed as a father
until you bare
your soul to Alice.
She might still blame you.
But it's the act of
revelation that's healing.
That's how confession works.
Doesn't matter what Father
MacDiddle says back.
It's about you admitting what
you did and why it was wrong.
You know. I'm not gonna make Alice think
that I'm suffering and it's her fault.
It's not gonna happen.
Okay.
What the fuck. man? That's it?
For now.
Hey. you were supposed to bring
me some candy and a new hat.
Yes. they're on your desk. Paul.
Hey. I know you think this
is funny. but I love this.
Okay.
Damn it.
Nice. babe.
Yeah. focus on
your game. Come on.
Here comes a big one.
- Yes. baby.
- I got it.
- You okay. babe?
- Nice game.
But it's only 3-0.
But I can already tell you're
not good enough to make it fun.
Besides. our boys are here for
Thanksgiving and we got shit to do.
Gotta buy lighter fluid to burn
those sheets after they leave?
They never age out of
pleasuring themselves. do they?
No.
- You guys getting ready for the baby?
- No rush. We got four months.
- You haven't started prepping yet?
- Wow.
Are you two fucking high?
- Honestly. a little.
- Did you want a gummy?
You both work.
If you don't get on the
nanny search pronto.
your parents are gonna
have to come help.
When we had our first.
my mom came. threw away Liz's placenta
and they haven't spoken since.
- That's not the only reason.
- No parents.
You keep the placenta?
- Oh. yeah.
- Don't worry about it.
Well. now it's all
I can think about.
Okay. calm down. I'll help
with the nanny search.
You're the best. Let
us know who you find.
You're gonna be there. dipshit.
Okay. One more game just to
de-stress. Let's switch partners.
Low-maintenance against
high-maintenance.
Let's do it. Dizzle.
Look at that. He
knows who's who.
That dizzle right in
the belly. Let's go.
Yeah. Mom. I know
you're still angry.
You have every right to be.
I have every right to be.
- Good. so we agree.
- Yeah. we do.
So can you please
come to Thanksgiving?
You can go back to being mad
at me again on Black Friday.
even though I think that's the day that
Black families should come together.
Why are you silent? Is
fucking Nikki with you?
- Your mouth.
- She's so rude.
Listen. bitch. you keep your
nose out of our family business.
or else I will come for you
like I'm fucking Tony Soprano.
I dare you to try
me. I dare you.
I will try.
Also can I. like. get your Venmo for when
you stayed the extra night on Saturday?
- All good. I got you.
- Thanks.
Okay. so. Mom. I can
come pick you up.
I'm sorry. Gaby.
I'm sorry. It...
It's just too hard right
now. baby. It's too hard.
She's not coming.
What? Did you tell her
that Derrick's coming?
Doesn't your mom
want to meet him?
All right. Derrick's not coming
either. I screwed that up too.
Did you not see my
"shut-the-fuck-up" look?
I did. Liz. But in my defense.
you always have that look.
I'm not sure you
have another look.
There's one.
Come here.
Do you wanna bury your
head in my secret big 'uns?
Liz. come on. girl. At
best. those are secret mids.
You should see 'em though.
I've seen 'em like a gajillion
times. you know that.
I know. but I was lying down.
- Oh. come on.
- I know. baby.
- I love feeling our boobs touch.
- I do too.
Look. I don't know what's going on
so I'm just gonna start talking.
Here's your Thanksgiving menu.
I'm making turkey. ham. mac 'n'
cheese. greens and dressing.
Holy shit. That's nice
of you to cook for Gabs.
Not so nice. This dude's
charging me a fortune.
- That's how it works.
- But he is gonna teach me what to say
so I can pretend that I made it.
Like. "I deboned the ham."
- Nope.
- Pigs have bones. Sean.
All right. I gotta head out.
You wanna touch boobs too?
- Yeah. why not?
- Cool.
Copycats.
Kinda hoping that since Alice
basically lives with you now.
I might be able to say hey.
but guess she's not here.
I'm here.
Okay. I guess I didn't know
if you knew that I was here.
- I did.
- Cool.
- That's rough.
- Hate to see it.
Goodbye.
What up. pimp?
Hey. I need you
to do me a favor.
Just let Alice know that whenever
she's ready to talk. I'm around. okay?
Make it sound casual.
Throw in some lingo.
You know. maybe. like. a "fam."
Fam is not cool.
- Go ahead and make it your own.
- Okay.
You really give a
shit. don't you?
Yeah. that's sort of my thing.
My parents aren't even
here for Thanksgiving.
My mom's spending
the week at Morongo.
My dad's also at Morongo but legally.
he's not allowed within 100 feet of her
so when she's gambling.
he's in the pool.
- And when she's in the pool... you get it.
- Yeah.
Nice catching up. Summer.
See you. pimp.
Yeah. it's not good
news about the meds.
but I'm processing it.
And by processing. you mean
refusing to talk about it
or say how it makes you feel?
Bingo.
Hey. tell Meg I saw her
new hair on Instagram.
Looks amazing.
Julie wants you to know
that she's stalking you.
That's okay. She's hot.
You know what. I'm glad she's there.
because the reason I'm calling. Dad...
We were so excited for you guys to
fly out here for Thanksgiving but...
Mason's lacrosse
team... They won today.
Which is insane because they're
fucking terrible and now I have to...
We have to spend the weekend
at a tournament in Maine.
What if instead of
coming for Thanksgiving.
we just... we come and
see you in a few weeks?
Dad. I feel so bad. I...
Don't feel bad. It's all right.
I'm disappointed.
But I'll be okay.
- I love you.
- Love you too. baby.
We don't have to
go to Connecticut.
We can stay here and do sweet
fuck all. Best Thanksgiving ever.
You're still on the phone. Dad.
My bad.
Yeah. Yeah. your bad.
Last week. I feel
like we got into it.
but this week. we're really
gonna get into it. okay?
- 'Cause I am jacked off caffeine.
- Yeah. okay.
Hey. go ahead. One second.
Hey. Paul. Heard you
were staying in town.
Let me know if you want
to come for Thanksgiving.
No. And if you tell Julie that
you invited us. I'll kill you.
Thanks for the quick response.
- Hey.
Don't forget. we're
meeting for a coffee later.
Oh. come on. man.
Not another "chat."
What. are you gonna hang
out with your daughter?
- You've got nothing better to do.
- Oh. shit.
Yeah.
Hey. Is everything okay?
Sorry. I didn't know
who else to call.
What's going on?
She had us open the locked case for some
Benadryl. then tried to steal Plan B.
Can we just have a minute?
What's going on?
You okay?
I'm just embarrassed.
Connor's home and we got back
together and the condom broke.
I'm kind of a bouncer. so...
Fuck. no. No. no. no
I haven't called the police yet.
Okay. Listen.
She's a really good kid.
How about I just pay for this and
we all move on with our lives?
Thanks. pimp.
Why'd she call you pimp?
No. no. She calls everyone pimp.
She didn't call me a pimp.
You're not a pimp.
I think she has to get to
know you before you're a pimp.
Get to know you to be a pimp.
Sir. is this your daughter?
- Yes.
- No.
No. She's just a friend.
Actually. she's a
friend of my daughter's.
Sometimes we spend
time together.
How does everything coming out of
my mouth make this sound worse?
- I don't know but I hate it all.
- I hate it too.
You know what? I'm
gonna walk away
and hope that you want this
to be over as much as I do.
- I sure do.
- Okay. great.
- Thanks. Jimmy.
- Yeah.
Did you leave enough
money for the gum I took?
Goddamn it. Summer.
Psyched to go to your
parents for Thanksgiving.
Any special traditions
I need to know about?
Nah. we usually just watch
football. eat too much food.
and then around sunset. my mom cries
and says no one appreciates her.
I can't wait.
Yeah. it's fun.
- I'll see you. Alice.
- Bye.
Thanks for the help. Fun. right?
So fun. Kill me now.
So why you really here?
I can't really talk
to anyone else.
They're all worried I'm
being too hard on Dad.
I don't know. My whole life. he was this
awesome. do-anything-for-anybody guy.
I mean. you were a stranger and you
were beating the shit out of people
and he invited you to move
into our home. remember?
I do remember that. yes.
I told him how important it was
for me if he showed up for Louis.
and he still won't
fucking do it.
I hear you.
When all the shit
went down with my dad.
I had to tell him that we needed
to be more open with each other
about how we feel. and now he's
a completely different person.
- Damn. really?
- Hell no.
- Don't get me wrong. he's trying.
- Yeah.
Now I tell him I love him.
and he does this thing where
he points at me and he snaps.
I think that means
he loves me too?
Yeah.
I mean. look. I've been
talking about this with Paul.
He said...
"If you only love someone
hoping they'll change one day.
that's not love."
- That was good.
- Thank you.
He's right though.
Real love is when you accept
someone. limitations and all.
And...
my dad has earned that from me.
Forever.
Hey. fuck you for being
emotionally healthy right now.
My bad.
This is a great place. man.
Yeah. Yeah. Liz
encouraged me to buy it.
Partly as an investment
and partly so I could have my own
space that's nowhere near her space.
- She ever stop by?
- Yep.
And when she does. she wears leather
pants and goes by "Veronica."
Do tell.
Well. I don't usually
love being choked...
No. I was wrong. Do not tell.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
Hey. I'm sorry things didn't
work out with you and Gaby.
Yeah. man. Like. why the fuck
did you introduce me to her?
- Like. goddamn.
- I thought you two
- would be a great match.
- I did too. man.
Worst part is. I doubt she's
even thinking about me.
I can't stop thinking about him.
Last night I had
this crazy dream
where I was sexing it up with Keanu
Reeves in this super fancy hotel.
And Derrick was the front desk
clerk. he was the bellhop.
and he was the tip of
Keanu's penis. It was crazy.
Well. that totally normal dream
should tell you something.
Okay. First of all. she's right.
And second. I don't like
you having other friends.
Liz. we've been over this.
It's okay for us to both
have other friends. Damn.
I don't want other friends.
- Well. you're gonna have to deal with it.
- No!
Aliyah and I bonded after she dumped
Nico for being a total dumpster fire.
I still don't understand the
problem. Derrick seems great.
Derrick's the best.
He's just like my
husband but Black.
And honestly. that's the only thing
that would make my husband better.
He's gonna have to
keep that hair though.
and that would make for an
interesting looking Black dude.
I would tap that ass.
I would tear him up.
Shit. you guys. My whole
life I've been a caretaker.
You know. I love
knowing that I'm needed.
That's why I've dated
nothing but Nicos.
And you wanna know the best
part about dating a Nico?
Free heroin.
- Stop making me like you more.
- No.
It just takes the pressure off.
You know. it's. like. you stay with
a train wreck and you're a saint.
If you leave. it's his
fault for being such a mess.
But Derrick. it's like he wants
me but he doesn't need me.
Like. there's no exit ramp.
That's what's so scary.
Just call him.
You know. bravery isn't
about not being scared.
it's about being scared
and doing it anyway.
Oh. my God. That is so great.
I'm gonna steal it
and pretend it's mine.
Shit. I gotta go.
- I love you.
- Love you.
You're growing on me.
Now. why was that necessary?
You're actually the first
nanny we've interviewed.
I prefer "au pair."
Love that. Very fancy.
Sorry. Sorry I'm late.
Oh. my God. Liz.
She's cute and a little
pretentious. Loving her.
Well. I mean. the stamp isn't that
cute that she got from clubbing.
Didn't bother to
shower to wash it off?
Next.
So what would be your
typical daily routine?
I like to follow
the baby's lead.
Yeah. 'cause babies
are so smart.
They're so intuitive.
They're so not. Bye.
- Take a water on your way out.
- Not the sparkling.
I can get you breast
milk off Craigslist.
Why are you even looking
at me? It's an obvious no!
- It's an obvious no. dawg.
- Obvious no.
What's up? My name's
Chris but I go by Topher.
- Suits you.
- Two nicknames.
- Absolutely not.
- Come on. Liz.
You know you can't handle it.
She's not wrong.
So what's your story. Topher?
I'm good with a microwave.
That's hard.
Oh. my God.
What?
Well. I'm a little OCD
so I'm very punctual.
And I feel like I should
address some of this to you.
She's smart.
So. I'm CPR certified. I'm a
big believer in sleep training.
And I know that this
might sound a bit corny.
but I really do think that it is
an honor to help build a family.
- Please can we hire her?
- I'm so bored.
Yes.
Please. please work for us?
- Okay.
- Yay!
If you need to contact us.
I might be going to Mykonos with my
friend Topher. but Charlie won't.
Stop staring at my brownie.
I told you to order one for yourself
'cause I don't want to split mine.
and you said I was an asshole and
that you didn't want a brownie.
That was five minutes ago.
People change.
Damn it.
Thank you.
What are you smiling at?
This. You two. I did this.
I made you two friends.
Well. if you have that power.
can you make a woman fall for me?
He's not a wizard.
Hurtful.
Why am I here. Paul?
When you've finished your drink.
I want you to go talk to Alice.
You can pretend that you
haven't opened up to her
because you wanna protect her.
but that's not it. You're ashamed.
Just like I'm ashamed of
people seeing my disease.
They see me shaking and
they feel sorry for me.
I hate it.
Shame is toxic.
That's why I decided we should
face our shame together.
That's why I didn't take
my meds this morning.
Just let the whole damn place
see me just the way I am.
Paul. that's incredible.
I don't even notice any tremors.
That's because I took my meds.
I chickened out.
But you... you
have more courage.
I don't know about that.
I do.
Anybody that's gone through
what you've gone through
and isn't cynical and jaded...
That's very inspiring.
Thanks. Paul.
Really? Both of you?
It just looks so delicious.
It's calling to me. man.
Jiminy Christmas.
- Here. Dig in.
- Yes!
This is what you should
be most ashamed of.
Well. all right.
So. we're birds now.
Hey. it's you.
Hi. what up?
We're gonna start
with small talk?
Yeah. I guess. I don't know.
Okay. Well. I was about
to head to the market
because my aunt forgot the key
ingredient to her sweet potatoes.
Sweet potatoes?
No. candy corn.
Dude. gross. Don't they melt?
No. She sticks 'em in after.
- I don't love it.
- I bet you don't.
Hey. look...
So. Derrick...
Listen. I've been doing
some self-reflecting.
You know. I just think I'm not used to
things being genuinely good. so I...
I sabotaged it.
And I gotta really work on that.
And I think the best way to
start is by doing something that.
honestly. I should
have done weeks ago.
So...
Derrick. I think
you're fucking amazing
and I wanted to know if you'd
reconsider coming to Thanksgiving?
I mean. maybe you can bring
something. Like. a pie or whatever.
But a pie would be good.
I forgot pie.
I don't know. Gaby.
I put myself out there
and you left me hanging.
And I've tried really hard
to stop ignoring red flags.
So how about this?
You work on all that
stuff you need to work on.
and once you get it in order.
you give me a call. Okay?
Yeah. I will do that.
I hope you do.
Have a good holiday.
Yeah. you too.
Isn't it great having the
boys home for Thanksgiving?
Mom!
Matthew opened my door and
farted and then closed it.
Matthew. don't butt
bomb your brother!
Told you. asshole!
Yep. These are magical times.
You know. it's stupid. I should
be happy that they're here.
but I'm sad they're
leaving Sunday.
It's like I spent this whole
year searching for something.
I'm just fucking right
back where I started.
Babe. if there's
anything I can do...
Sweet husband. I'm okay.
You know. sometimes when I do
my rocks I just feel melancholy.
I know.
But I'll figure it out.
I mean. remember what
Veronica always says.
"Breathe through your nose"?
No. the other thing.
"Fuck it. let's just have fun."
Exactly right.
And you can go.
And you're off.
Surprise guest.
- Derek.
- Hey.
Here you go.
So. what's the latest
with the nanny search?
Little speed bump.
Kellie. the nanny we chose.
can't do Mondays or Fridays
and that is tough for us.
So we offered her an extra
$500 for those two days.
but now she's extorting us because
she can hear our desperation.
I said "please" too many times.
No. He did.
500. huh?
Give Liz those two
days. I'll pay you six.
- Wait. what?
- That's ridiculous.
Fine. 700.
- We're not taking money from you.
- We're not?
We're not.
Well then. let her
do it for free.
You'll have someone you trust.
who has a ton of experience.
She'll make your life better.
I mean...
I don't know. Is it crazy that
I think this might just work?
Liz is great with kids.
- Yeah.
- Yes.
Plus. when the baby's asleep. I'm
sure she'll do some light housework.
Fuck you.
Did you see it?
Okay. all right. That was
almost worth the ride over.
- There's really only two caveats.
- Yeah?
First. when you ask her.
- this didn't come from me.
- Deal.
Second. even though she's
only doing two days.
Liz is going to want to be
in charge of the other nanny.
- No.
- You don't know that.
I feel like I do.
Wow.
Hey. Lurch.
You good with your hands?
You mean. like. sexually?
Why would I want to know that?
I have no idea. That's
why I was confused.
I mean. yes. I am good
with them that way.
Cool. I'll spread the word.
- Appreciate that.
- Catch.
Holy shit.
I finally got one.
It's the one we found when
we were looking together.
I love you.
Thank you. Liz.
Are you still fucked
up about Alice?
Yeah. Just over here trying
to find a little courage.
I get it.
Jimmy.
bravery is not about
not being scared.
it's about not having to do the scary
thing and not feeling like you're...
but you do it anyway. you know?
It's like that.
Love you too.
Now go away.
Hey. it's me. I'm
headed over to Gaby's.
I really need to talk.
Hey. Dad.
Goodbye.
I just left you a message.
I heard.
Summer told me how
you helped her out.
That was cool.
That was very you.
Yes.
I need to say something to you.
And it's probably something that
I should've done a long time ago.
You don't have to say
anything. You don't.
I don't care if you
ever talk to Louis.
Honestly. that wasn't
fair of me to ask.
And I love you.
Very much.
Fuck!
- Fuck!
- What?
- Me?
- Yeah.
- Nothing.
It would just be so easy
not to say my thing now.
Don't have to say it.
I think I really do.
Kid. every parent...
likes to believe that if
something really bad ever happens.
that they are gonna
rise to the occasion.
I certainly believed
that about myself.
That I was gonna be
the hero. you know?
That I was gonna be your hero.
And I was not.
And so. when Louis came
back into our lives.
he was like this walking.
talking reminder for me
of how I just really let you
down when you needed me the most.
You know. your mom and
I. we used to always say
that you're the best thing
that ever happened to us.
Boy. is it true.
And she also made me promise
I was not gonna fuck it up.
And I did. I fucked up.
I fucked it up.
Alice. you are who you are.
this amazing woman.
in spite of me.
And I keep getting
stuck on that.
I keep getting stuck on
what a terrible father I am.
And I'm just so sorry.
I'm just so. so. sorry...
that I am not better.
You're right. You did fuck up.
But. Dad. you're leaving out
so much of the good stuff.
So many memories.
All the trips we went on. all the
times I rode on your shoulders.
You climbed trees with
me and got a concussion.
You showed me how to skateboard
and got a concussion.
Hey. you taught me Spanish
because Mom couldn't.
She was so good at languages but
just didn't have the patience for me.
and you would sit here with me for
hours. and you would never get annoyed.
Soy... estoy berenjena. papá.
You just said "I'm an eggplant."
I never said I got good at it.
You know. after Mom died...
during the worst times.
there was this one night that I
was really tired after practice
and passed out on the couch.
And in the morning. I woke
up. and I was in my room.
Even at your lowest. you
still carried me upstairs.
And that let me know that
you were still in there.
So. yeah. maybe you were
a bad dad for a second.
but. hey. you are also
the best fucking dad.
And I am so lucky
that you are mine.
Hija mía. te quiero.
Come here.
Did you say something
nice in Spanish?
Because I thought I made it
clear I don't understand it.
I know. It was a weird
choice on my part.
Yeah.
I am not gonna be fucking
late! Be ready in five minutes!
Will. honey.
Yeah. Mom?
Do you think that's appropriate
Thanksgiving attire?
What's wrong with it?
Well. you're
wearing ripped jeans
and a backwards baseball
cap that says "fuckboy."
She's right. Go
change your pants.
And put my hat back.
- Fine.
- Dear God.
- Hey. Hey. guys.
- Hiya.
- Hi.
- To what do we owe
this unexpected pleasure?
Liz. it turns out that Kellie
can only be our nanny part-time.
Oh. no.
Now this may sound crazy.
but would you ever in a million years
consider covering for us two days a week?
- He put you up to this?
- Damn it.
- No.
- He mentioned it.
Yes.
But we aren't
letting him pay us.
- Babe.
- Unless that's something you want?
- Dude. you are killing me.
- Jesus fucking Christ.
I never understood why you look down
on yourself for "just being a mom."
Yes. you're an amazing photographer.
the world's only rock tumbler.
but you love raising kids.
That purpose that
you've been looking for?
That's it.
That is your gift.
I'll do it.
- Yes!
- Yeah.
Thank you.
I'm gonna need to be in
charge of the other nanny.
- We've already told her.
- Okay.
What up. pimps?
Summer. I'm having a baby.
Congrats.
I just dodged that bullet.
Oh. God.
- I talked to him. I did. I put a condom...
- You didn't talk to him. obviously.
- In every crack in that room.
- You need to have a box in...
So. we going straight to In-N-Out. or
you wanna go pick up your goats first?
Fine.
Perfect way to spend
Thanksgiving. huh?
Eating burgers.
watching football.
Wait a second. this is
not the way to In-N-Out.
Why are you dressed up? Am
I being kidnapped again?
Oh. come on. you'd be
sad if we missed Gaby's.
It's only for a few hours.
and I brought your meds in case you
wanna take them again before dinner.
But look. I'm not
even dressed for this.
Your blazer's in the trunk.
Help! I'm being kidnapped!
- Jesus's sakes. will you calm down?
- Anybody!
Jesus.
Worst Thanksgiving ever.
- Hey! Who grabs beans?
- I do.
- Oh. my God. That turkey looks amazing.
- Thank you.
- Holy shit.
- I trussed and brushed it.
- and then dipped it in an orange glaze.
- Girl. yeah.
Okay. too much lingo.
You wanna look me in the eyes and
tell me you actually made all this?
You keep your mouth shut. or
I'll orange glaze your ass.
and I know that sounds sexual.
- but it's not.
- Understood.
All right. D. you wanna carve this
bird? 'Cause I don't know how to.
Yes. ma'am.
D-man's time to shine.
- Look out. ladies! Coming through.
- Jesus Christ.
- Come on. Here we go.
- Okay.
- Coat. Get it off.
- What?
All right. I don't know what I'm doing.
but I know it doesn't take all this.
This bird looks like
it's gonna take all this.
Oh. God.
- That's such a good one.
- Yeah.
So now that we're all in
the Covenant of the Rock.
is there a secret handshake?
He's ruining it.
Just give him a
secret handshake.
Come on. It'll just
be this with a snap.
I hate that!
Okay. easy. Liz.
- Hey. Julie.
- Hi. honey.
Hi. Paul.
I'm here under duress.
Stop saying that. You
got your sweatpants on.
You can still scratch your
balls when no one's looking.
I don't care if
anybody's looking or not.
And you. you Judas.
You knew that she was gonna
abduct me. and you said nothing?
Hey. pal. if you're not
here. I'm not even invited.
And don't touch the
cheese with that hand.
Okay. everybody.
Before we start the buffet. I just
wanna make one quick announcement.
Yes. Liz?
Why is Aliyah in the
kitchen with you?
You're okay. all right?
Happy Thanksgiving. This holiday
is all about togetherness.
- No.
- Okay.
So. I'd like all you kids
to put your cell phones
in this damn basket. all right?
- Hey. you're Matthew. right?
- Yeah.
- How old are you?
- Twenty-three.
- Twenty-four.
Holy shit.
I got the smart one.
Wow. Okay. I really need you
to put your phone in here.
Busted.
- Hey. Brian.
- Yeah. what's up?
We all spoke. and I'm afraid
you're gonna have to cough that up.
- What?
- Yes.
No! This is ridiculous.
Do you all think
so little of me?
Just fucking do it.
- Why are you on Wayfair?
- Yeah. I wanted to get
that cute ottoman that you have.
- Thank you. Put your phone in here.
- Okay. I'm sorry.
All right. it's time to eat.
Paul. do you wanna do the honors?
Let's just fucking do it.
- Great. Perfect.
- Okay. here we go.
- We're gonna get private time at dessert.
- I know. but...
- We should have some pie. Okay.
- Yes. I promise.
Hey.
- Here. I didn't lick this one.
- Thank you. I don't want it.
- Uh-huh. All right. thank you.
- Thank you.
- Hey. it's your turn. Come on.
- One sec.
- And there it is. Love you.
- Thank you. I love you.
- Hey. can you hand me that?
- Sure.
Thanks.
Why the hell did he
make us open today?
We've had. like. one customer. and
they ordered 50 turkey sandwiches.
Yeah. right?
What time exactly do you
want me to come round later?
'Cause this pudding takes a very
specific amount of time to cook.
and if it's one minute
over. it's a brick.
Yeah. about that...
Fuck.
So. I told some of my friends
you were coming. and...
You never told me that you got
drunk and murdered someone.
And so. now. I think that it just might
be. like. weird for you to be there.
It's okay.
I'm sorry. man.
Don't be.
I understand.
Shit. man.
Look. Louis. I...
Why don't you go. and I'll...
I'll lock up.
All right.
Hey.
Happy Thanksgiving. man.
You too.
Cheers to the chef.
To Sean!
- I knew it.
- Yeah.
No.
Okay. our mom couldn't
make it today.
but I would like to carry on
one of her favorite traditions.
So. let's go around the room and
everybody say what they're thankful for.
Who wants to start?
First of all. I wanna say how thankful
I am to welcome Jorge into our home.
but. Mom. you have to calm down.
But look how cute he is.
I just can't turn it off. bro.
But most of all.
I wanna say how grateful I am
that we're all together again.
It means so much to me.
Love you too. Dad.
I'm thankful for my family.
Me too.
That's all of you guys.
For my husband.
For my wife.
Hello?
- Seriously?
- What the fuck?
- What the heck?
- Fine.
- For our boys too.
- Yeah.
I'm thankful to just
be included. honestly.
She took mine.
But. seriously. I am very
thankful to have been included.
I'm thankful for my sister.
For my handsome new roommate.
That next Thanksgiving.
we'll both be dads.
That...
Paul's done with
that turkey leg.
That I get to be here and
not at fucking Morongo.
Okay.
I guess it's my turn.
Your turn for what?
Hey. Sorry I'm late.
It's okay. I was just trying to
figure out what I'm thankful for.
You'll come up with something.
And I know you mentioned everyone
had to bring something so.
I brought your mom.
- Oh. shit. Hey. that's not my mom.
- Oh. God.
- No.
- Did you just take some random lady?
No. I didn't take a random
lady. This is my aunt.
- Jesus.
- Yeah. fuck.
That's your mom.
I brought pie.
That's so sweet.
What kind of pie?
Apple.
- What kind of apple?
- Babe.
Attention. passengers.
The next train to Union
Station is now approaching.
Please stand behind the yellow line
until the train comes to a complete stop.
Thank you.
- Hey. wait. I need you to try this.
- Oh. my God.
It's so good.
- Nice move.
- I try.
I didn't go yet.
Hey. I didn't go yet.
Most of you know that
I'm here under duress.
I don't really like being
the center of attention.
- That's not true.
- I doubt that.
It is when I'm not in control.
Like I wasn't in control
of... about being here today.
I'm also not in control of this.
I didn't take my
pills because I...
I wanna save them for
when I really need them.
Not to hide from you.
Sometimes it's hard not
to feel sorry for myself.
You know. poor me with my...
failed. fragile body.
But then. I look
around this room and...
and I say to myself...
"Lucky guy.
I'm a lucky guy."
I don't know how much
longer I'm gonna have to...
to work with you. hang out
with you. laugh with you.
Road's gonna get
tougher and tougher.
But I do know that
I'll get through it
because of everyone...
everyone in this room.
And that's what I'm...
that's what I'm thankful for.
'Cause we can get
through anything...
if we have people to lean on.
I'm leaning on you.
Okay.
Switch.
Love you.
Paul. I'd like you
to meet my sons.
Yes.
Yes. yes. yes.
Thank you.
Yes. of course.
Hey. man.
Turns out my daughter is more addicted
to her cell phone than I realized.
They were in a basket.
It's a long story.
Why are you here?
I guess I'm here
for her. For Alice.
I'm probably also here for Tia.
Mostly. I'm here for me.
What a shitty couple
of years. huh?
Yeah.
How about her? What's her story?
Well. she's obviously
a schoolteacher.
And she's just realized she's
forgotten something very important.
Big test day. No No. 2 pencils.
- It's a nightmare.
- It's not the first time it's happened.
How about this guy? He's
a brooding rock star.
No. I know that guy.
He's an assassin.